Tessa/pr template (#1261)
NoRedInk/noredink-ui: .github/pull_request_template.md

> Please select the template that's relevant for your situation and delete the other templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the template that's relevant for your situation and delete the other templates.
```

Minor nit! (The GitHub issue interface lets you actually SELECT an issue template, like with a separate button for each template, so that's what the current wording made me think of.)

> Please select the template that's relevant for your situation and delete the other templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the template that's relevant for your situation and delete the other templates. If this is just a noredink-ui repo doc change, you don't need to follow a template.
```
Just a suggestion if you wanted to catch the repo doc change case.

## What changes does this release include?

The easiest and most reliable way to find the changes that this release includes is to go through the changes between the last version number and master: `https://github.com/NoRedInk/noredink-ui/compare/VERSION_NUMBER...master`.

Include links to the relevant PRs in a list in this PR. Be sure to note any risky changes or changes that you will want to alert QA to when upgrading to the new version of noredink-ui.

Please update the PR's name to include a quick note about every linked PR.

## How has the API changed?

Please paste the output of `elm diff` run on latest master in the code block:

```

```

## Releasing

After this PR merges, and you've pulled down latest master, finish following the [publishing process](https://github.com/NoRedInk/noredink-ui/blob/master/README.md#publishing-a-new-version).

---

# :star2: Adding a new component

## About the component

What is the purpose of the new component? When and where will it be used? How will the reviewer know if this component meets the success criteria?

Please link to any relevant context and stories.

## :framed_picture: What does this change look like?

> - Fill in with screenshots and ping design.
> - [Guidelines for an optimal design ping](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Guidelines-for-Sharing-User-Facing-Changes-with-Design--BpL8hpJLMugy6033aT5m0JdaAg-bdKGQtYH9qO9I00hUkA6k)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow the the [Guidelines for an optimal design ping](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Guidelines-for-Sharing-User-Facing-Changes-with-Design--BpL8hpJLMugy6033aT5m0JdaAg-bdKGQtYH9qO9I00hUkA6k) to add helpful screenshots/videos for design.
- Ping design on this PR to get approval on your changes.
```

I don't think it was super clear that design approval is _required_, and that the guidelines are not optional. I also took a look at the guidelines and see that they are actually helpful for understanding what kinds of screenshots/videos to include in the first place, so figured those guidelines should be reviewed before devs take the time to get screenshots/video.

## Component completion checklist

- [ ] Component has clear documentation
- [ ] Component is in the component library example app
    - [ ] Component is categorized reasonably (see [Category](https://github.com/NoRedInk/noredink-ui/blob/master/styleguide-app/Category.elm) for all the currently available categories). The component can be in multiple categories, if appropriate.

>     - [ ] Component has a cute preview for the component library example cards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Component has a representative preview for the component library example cards (bonus points for making it delightful!)
```

I browsed the existing examples, and I would not say the majority are cute.

Reviewer: Oh another thing - does everyone know what "component library example cards" are? (genuinely asking!) if not, may want to clarify.

Author: I'm not sure! Is there another name that is more intuitive to you? Or like.. a way you'd describe the list view to someone who wasn't familiar with it?

Reviewer: maaaaaybe "the component library example cards displayed on [the component library landing page](https://noredink-ui.netlify.app/)"?

>     - [ ] Component has a customizable example. Aim for having _every_ possible supported version of the component displayable through the configuration on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Component has a customizable example. Aim for having _every_ possible supported version of the component displayable through the configuration on this page. (Protip: This is handy for testing expected behavior!)
```
Don't feel strongly - thought it might incentivize folks.

    - [ ] The customizable example produces sample code
    - [ ] The component's example page includes keyboard behavior, if any
    - [ ] The component's example page includes guidance around how to use the component, if necessary
- [ ] Component is tested
    - axe checks and percy snapshots will be automatically added for every component. However, if you want to customize _when_ the checks and snapshots are made, you will need to make changes to [script/puppeteer-tests.js](https://github.com/NoRedInk/noredink-ui/blob/master/script/puppeteer-tests.js).
    - there are 2 ways to add Elm tests:
        - if you want to test the styleguide example directly, add ProgramTest-style tests under `styleguide/tests`
        - if you want to test the component directly, add tests under `tests/Spec`. Historically, this has been the more popular Elm testing strategy for noredink-ui.
- [ ] Component API follows standard patterns in noredink-ui
    - e.g., as a dev, I can conveniently add an `nriDescription`
    - and adding a new feature to the component will _not_ require major API changes to the comopnent

> - [ ] I've gone through the relevant sections of the [Development Accessibility guide](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Accessibility-guide-4-Development--BiIVdijSaoijjOuhz3iTCJJ1Ag-rGoHpC91pFg3zTrYpvOCQ) with this component in mind

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I've gone through the relevant sections of the [Development Accessibility guide](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Accessibility-guide-4-Development--BiIVdijSaoijjOuhz3iTCJJ1Ag-rGoHpC91pFg3zTrYpvOCQ) with this component in mind
```

I think I prefer this checkbox to be the first in this section so they might take a look upfront instead of waiting until later. wdyt?

- [ ] Please assign [team-accessibilibats-a11ybats](https://github.com/orgs/NoRedInk/teams/team-accessibilibats-a11ybats) as a reviewer in addition to assigning a reviewer from your team

---

> # :wrench: Adjusting a component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# :wrench: Modifying a component
```
Just to use the same language the readme uses.

## Context

Please link to any relevant context and stories.

## :framed_picture: What does this change look like?

> - Fill in with screenshots and ping design.
> - [Guidelines for an optimal design ping](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Guidelines-for-Sharing-User-Facing-Changes-with-Design--BpL8hpJLMugy6033aT5m0JdaAg-bdKGQtYH9qO9I00hUkA6k)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow the the [Guidelines for an optimal design ping](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Guidelines-for-Sharing-User-Facing-Changes-with-Design--BpL8hpJLMugy6033aT5m0JdaAg-bdKGQtYH9qO9I00hUkA6k) to add helpful screenshots/videos for design.
- Ping design on this PR to get approval on your changes.
```

I don't think it was super clear that design approval is _required_, and that the guidelines are not optional. I also took a look at the guidelines and see that they are actually helpful for understanding what kinds of screenshots/videos to include in the first place, so figured those guidelines should be reviewed before devs take the time to get screenshots/video.

> ## Component completion checklist

Reviewer: Should there be a check in this section like "The component library example card is still representative of the changed component"? (I don't know if that's necessary or if the examples would always update dynamically)

- [ ] Changes are clearly documented
    - [ ] Component docs include a changelog
    - [ ] Any new exposed functions or properties have docs
- [ ] Changes extend to the component library example app
    - [ ] The component library version number is updated, if appropriate
    - [ ] Any new customizations are available from the component library example
    - [ ] The component example still has:
        - an accurate preview
        - valid sample code
        - correct keyboard behavior
        - correct and comprehensive guidance around how to use the component
- [ ] Changes to the component are tested/the new version of the component is tested
- [ ] Component API follows standard patterns in noredink-ui
    - e.g., as a dev, I can conveniently add an `nriDescription`
    - and adding a new feature to the component will _not_ require major API changes to the comopnent

> - [ ] I've gone through the relevant sections of the [Development Accessibility guide](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Accessibility-guide-4-Development--BiIVdijSaoijjOuhz3iTCJJ1Ag-rGoHpC91pFg3zTrYpvOCQ) with the changes I made to this component in mind

Reviewer: Ditto maybe move this one to the top of this section.
